Hi.
Welcome.
Now, why are these clicks on any of this products?
Then they should be able to add this product to their cards.
Okay.
Now, to do this, they're going to need to go back to our visa code.
And then we're going to go to the provider, their tree, and then the cards on the score.
Provider Fi.
Okay.
And now we can use control and be, you know, that to make this wide.
Now, the first step that needs to take is we are going to create a method or a function.
Okay.
So over here, we're going to create a method and we can call this odd.
Products to cuts.
Okay.
Now the users are going to be building this products based on either the.
Product ID or the product price or the product's name or even the product's imagery.
Okay, so what is practice is gonna need to pass in all those fields.
We want the user to be able to use that so hard that products so they are costs.
Okay, so first of all, they're going to pass the product ID.
Okay, now we can specify the type of data.
It is a type of string.
Okay.
And hide your true coma and uses can also hearts.
Based on the price of the product.
We can also specify the type of data.
It is a type of double.
Okay.
As well.
Users can hide items in their carts based on the product's name, as though it can specify the type
of data.
It is a type of string and.
Is this Canada so hot?
Based on the image, you are real.
But you can also specify the type of data.
It is a type of string.
Okay, now this is dynamic.
This are dynamic variables, right?
So whenever I would call this function called hot products of cats, we are going to passing all this
values.
Or pass on the values to all those variables.
Okay.
Great.
Now, the first step Rwanda need to take is, first of all, regular first check, if that's products
as already be handed by that user.
That's if the user already has that product in his or her cots.
Okay.
So to do that, we are going to have had if statement where.
So we're going to call this variable, which has access to all our cots.
Data.
Right.
Okay.
Tarsus has to decide the tie to the quantity, the prize, the image URL.
If you do understand this, you can go back to the lecture where we created all this.
I know you might have forgotten how we did all this.
So you can easily just refer to this and come back again over here so you understand how it works.
Okay?
So we're going to give a check.
On and we like it.
We can call that this way.
Boycott on the score card items.
Okay.
Now to check if these are already out there that I tend to.
Yeah.
Cats we have something known as the contains key.
Okay, so we're just gonna pass the product ID.
Okay.
Products 80.
Great.
Right now, if the user has already had that product to their cards, that means we don't want to have
that product again.
Right.
We just want to update the products.
If it was one product, these are how that before we kind of did that same product to maybe to quantity,
that's less we want or that's the same ones or the same products, but we need to of that products.
Okay.
So to do that or we just have to see is to call this variable gear that has access to all our cots data.
Right.
So you can see account items, dots of dates.
Okay.
Now you can see is asking for the key.
The key is going to be the products.
The product ID and.
We can change its value to something else we can change is to continue to exist in.
As it stands.
Still existing cards by ten.
Okay.
Now we can get rid of this function and use this.
You know, that's a break down to the next line and just had your.
This.
Great.
Now we can of this Dutch product.
So what we can do is to say it.
It is going to be.
Is this team.
So.
We need to call the attributes first.
You can just using our function.
Okay.
Going to be cuts.
Attributes rights.
Okay.
Now you can see who's asking for the ID.
We can just get rid of all this.
So back to the nest, but not to have a very good start and as a very nice understanding.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
The mother, Archibald is referring to the courts model.
Okay.
Right.
So now we can pass the I.D. idea.
Okay.
You can pass the I.D..
The Heidi is going to be is is ten.
That is of value.
Is this thing called a standard I.D.?
Okay.
Then as well.
We need to pass the tie to.
The title is going to be as this ten.
Is it still cards I tend to tie to?
As for.
The prize.
Assistant.
But at that price.
Sorry.
And as for the quantity.
Now since the product was already we had it.
All we just have to say is as a SIM card, as a standard.
Cuts.
At the.
Or to see.
So.
As assistant.
Courts say.
That's quantity ten plus one.
Okay.
We just want so hard.
Want to.
Is this ten.
That is it is it is is that right?
So we want to hardwire to its okay.
I think lastly we have the images as well and I can see that arrow is gone is going to be resistant
card.
I don't.
He material.
Okay, great.
This basically it.
Now we can use control and save.
Okay.
So what you're basically saying is.
First of all, we created a function called hot product two cots.
You can call this a function or you can refer to as a made site.
Okay.
And in order for users to be able to had products, the accords we passed and the product ID we passed
in, the product price we passed in the product's name, that is the title and the product's image will
be product ID.
The product's price is different to other products.
So be able to with all this, are going to be able to grab the products, right?
Okay.
Then before we had the products of the cots, we are first of all checking if that product was ready.
We had added by the user to their cots.
So that's why we created this.
You with a way to say if.
The high term.
As being the heritage added to the accounts and internet of Check.
We are using the products ID.
Right.
Okay.
The buy the product idea is just the same as the products.
The product's name.
Right.
Okay.
So we are checking if that product has already be added.
Then we don't need to rehash that.
I turned to the cart again.
All we just have to do is to update that product's rice.
So we updating the product's quantity by saying plus equal want rights plus one rights.
Okay.
So that's basically it.
So in in this lecture, I will not have that products to the courts.
What we are simply just doing is objects in the courts.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in in this lecture.